what are git commands?
git init- initalizing git
git clone (url)-retrive an entire repositaryfrom a hosted location   throw url
git add .-it will add file to the stagging
git commit -m "description"-commit your staged content  as new commit
git status-shows modified file inthe working directory .staged for next commit
git push  origin-transmit local branch commits to the remote repositary(git push origin main)
git pull origin -fetch and download content from remote repositary and immediatly update the local repositary to match the content(git pull origin main)
git stash-
git pull - used to get latest changes from remote repository to local.
git checkout master  - go back to the master branch
2. What are cucumber options?
features="path of the features",
glue="path of the stepdefinition",
monochrome=true or false
dryrun=true or false
strict=true or false
plugin=({"pretty","json:./targetoutput/report.json","junit:./targetoutput/report.xml","html:./targetoutput/report.html","report:./targetoutput/report.txt"})
tags={"@smoketest","@sanitytest"}-and condition 
tags={"@smoketets,@sanitytest"}-or condition

3. What is the difference between find element and find elements
driver.find element will find only single webelement and driver.find element will find list of all webelemnts  that matches perticular locator
we will get "no such element exception" when we dont find single webelement whereas we will get "empty array" when we dont find list of webelements.
4.4. What are the different annotations that you would use in a cucumber framework
@Before,@After,@smoketest,@sanitytest,@Beforestep,@Afterstep,@report:./targetoutput/report.txt
5. What are the different design patterns that you know
pageobjectmodel
6. What is a final keywprd
final is a keyword once declared we cannot change  we can create final variables which we cannot change,final class can not be extended, final methods cannot be over ridden

7 what is the signifance of super keyword?

super is akeyword which is used to call immediate parent class methods and also used to call parent class constructor  it is used to eleminate confusion between super class and subclass having same name methods
super is also used to call parentclass instance variables
8. Explain differnt oops concpets with their use cases
inheritance:inherting properties from one class to another class with extends keyword
1.single inheritance:one class extends another class ex:admin class extends testbase class
2.multlevel inheritance:users class extends admin class and admin class extends base class 
3.hierarchy inheritance:two  sub classes extend one super class
4.multiple inheritance:java doesnot supports multiple inheritance
2.polymorphism:one object taking many forms is called polymorphism
method overloading:two methods having same name but different number of perameters
actions class and impicit wqit are examples of method overloading
method overridding:if sub class extendsd parent class the sub class has same nme as of parent class then sub class over rides parent class methods
ex:navigate and get 
3. abstraction:abstraction is nothing but hidding immplementation part and showing end results
ex:xpath, ids ect where we write xpath in pages and we  call them intest but we dont see the implementation part
2 types of abstarctions
1. concretemethods-methods with body.
2.abstract  methods:methods without body.
4.encapsulation:binding code and data together is called encapsulation
ex:in pag object model we create pages and tests in pages we write xpath and methods and we also use page factory to initalize those methods .



9. WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN PUSH AND PULL:
 the git push command is used to send the commits from  your  local repositary to the central  repository wher as pull coomand is used to pull data from central repository
10. What is a interface in java 
interface is ablue print of class
it does noit have any return type
we cannot create object of interface 
we have to use implements keyword to implemet interface
100% abstraction is possible in interface 
it does not contain any concrete methods

11. How interface differs from abstarct class
100% abstraction is poosible only in interface, abstract class can have both concrete and abstarct methods  and also abstract should have atleast one create method
both interface and abstarction we cannot create objects .
in selenium we use wait interface, takescreenshot,javascript executor, seleniumwebdriver,iretryanalyzer e.t.c
12 what is stashing
